Adverse Drug Events Assignment
The goal of this assignment is to identify Adverse Drug Events (ADE) that can occur if a drug is improperly prescribed,
or two drugs taken together have an unintended and possibly serious side-effects. Over two million ADEs are reported 
annually resulting in more than 100,000 deaths, so avoiding ADEs is a major healthcare priority. 

ASSIGNEMTN SPECIFICATIONS:
1) Run the ade_setup in a root connection to build a new database called ade
2) Create a SQL file that implements the stored procedure called prescribe. This procedure adds a new prescription record. 
It takes the parameters: 
  a) Patient Name, 
  b) Doctor’s Name, 
  c) Medication Name,
  d) Number of Pills prescribed per day
The date assigned will be the current date and time. 

For the prescription to be accepted, the patient must meet the following guidelines of the medication:
1) If patient is under 12 years old and the medication isn’t indicated for children under 12, reject the prescription 
  with the following error message:
  <medication_name> cannot be prescribed to children under 12.

2) If the patient is pregnant, don’t allow a prescription for a medication that shouldn’t be taken when pregnant. 
  Reject the prescription with the following message:
  <medication_name> cannot be prescribed to pregnant women.

3) If you detect a potential drug interaction, reject the prescription with the following error message: 
  <medication_name> interacts with <current_medication> currently prescribed to <patient_name>.

4) Add a trigger that responds to a patient becoming pregnant. It should add a recommendation: 
  “Take pre-natal vitamins”. If the patient is currently taking any medications that shouldn’t be taken when pregnant, 
  automatically delete these prescriptions. Once the patient is no longer pregnant, remove the pre-natal vitamin 
  recommendation. You don’t need to add back in any deleted prescriptions.

5) At the bottom of the ade_start.sql script you will find some test cases to help you validate
your code.
